Just like everyone else, once I had completed my *Introduction to Python* on an MOOC, I was eager to apply what I had learned on a real-world machine learning problem. However, when it actually came time to build something useful, I realized that the toy projects and purely conceptual lessons that I had learned in the Python course did not help much. I have come to realize that this is because, while most of the tutorials for Python and its application on YouTube and other sources are great for learning stand-alone aspects of a project, they seldom give a complete picture of how all the pieces fit together. Since then, through reading, trial and experimentation, and a lot of sleepless nights of debugging, I started to learn how different blocks can be put together to form a coherent project and began realizing that with a little foresight, programming can be used to perfrom anything that you need. These series of tutorials are meant as a way for me to document my approach to a problem and also serve as a guide for you to learn new skills and apply them in a truly end-to-end ML project
Some of the thing that I want to point out so that you can get the best out these tutorials are:
1. You must have a beginner to an intermediate level understanding of Python to follow along. I do not cover the basics since there are those who are much more qualified than me to teach you about it. [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYXdXT2l-Gg&list=PL-osiE80TeTt2d9bfVyTiXJA-UTHn6WwU) and [Medium](https://medium.com/topic/programming) are great to get you started
2. In the case of libraries, I will refer to their documentation, GitHub posts on any specific issues that I faced while using them and also any tutorials which I found helpful to gain a good understanding of what I needed to get this project going. Please refer to them if you need help understanding the methods and attributes in a library.
3. Although I encourage you to follow along with this tutorial, my suggestion is that you read through it first to understand how to think through the problem, and then use the skills that you learn here to solve a problem that **you find interesting**.
4. I will refer to other channels, pages, blogs, etc whenever possible. To learn the skills you need to solve a large problem, there will be a lot of Googling and downtime involved to learn the necessary concepts and tools.
5. Everything that I have written here is only meant as a template on how this particular problem can be approached. There are numerous thing which could be done to my code to improve its speed and readability. Since I want to put up tutorials on a weekly basis, I will not be refactoring my code here, but you can always find the latest version of this crawler on my [GitHub](https://github.com/vigvisw) page.

**If you are an experienced developer and you see any mistakes in my code or see places where I can make improvements**, I request you to please point them out to me.
